feat: Add cloud logging dashboard for workloads (#1577)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/integration/sap-cloud-logging/README.md

1. Enable Istio sidecar injection for your workload. See [Enabling Istio Sidecar Injection](https://kyma-project.io/#/istio/user/tutorials/01-40-enable-sidecar-injection).

> 2. Enable Istio access logs for your workload. See [Enable Istio access logs](https://kyma-project.io/#/istio/user/tutorials/01-45-enable-istio-access-logs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable Istio access logs for your workload. See [Configure Istio Access Logs](https://kyma-project.io/#/istio/user/tutorials/01-45-enable-istio-access-logs).
```
Let's please use the document title, not the URL.

- To view the container- and Pod-related metrics collected by the MetricPipeline `runtime` input, use the dashboard **[OTel] K8s Container Metrics**.
- To view the Kubernetes Node-related metrics collected by the MetricPipeline `runtime` input, manually import the file [K8s Nodes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/sap-cloud-logging/dashboard-nodes.ndjson).
- To view the Kubernetes Volume-related metrics collected by the MetricPipeline `runtime` input, manually import the file [K8s Volumes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/sap-cloud-logging/dashboard-volumes.ndjson).

> - To view the Kubernetes Workload-related metrics collected by the MetricPipeline `runtime` input, similar to Deployments, manually import the file [K8s Workloads](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/sap-cloud-logging/dashboard-workloads.ndjson).

Reviewer: I'm getting a 404 error when I enter the URL in my browser. 
I assume this will resolve itself as soon as this PR is merged.

- To view the container- and Pod-related metrics collected by the MetricPipeline `runtime` input, use the dashboard **[OTel] K8s Container Metrics**.
- To view the Kubernetes Node-related metrics collected by the MetricPipeline `runtime` input, manually import the file [K8s Nodes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/sap-cloud-logging/dashboard-nodes.ndjson).
- To view the Kubernetes Volume-related metrics collected by the MetricPipeline `runtime` input, manually import the file [K8s Volumes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/sap-cloud-logging/dashboard-volumes.ndjson).

> - To view the Kubernetes Workload-related metrics collected by the MetricPipeline `runtime` input, like for Deployments, manually import the file [K8s Workloads](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/sap-cloud-logging/dashboard-workloads.ndjson).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To view the Kubernetes Workload-related metrics collected by the MetricPipeline `runtime` input, similar to Deployments, manually import the file [K8s Workloads](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/sap-cloud-logging/dashboard-workloads.ndjson).
```
